Hahahaha
Boxer Body
Interesting, really interesting
Lord Tianmo is resurrected!
They need more nutrients.
Aoxue Lin
Lin Family
Hahahaha
I'm going to fill the door with neighbors.
Have become the nourishment of Lord Tianmo
Hahahahaha
The four of you follow Situ Haotian as the leader of the tiger
Qingyun Sword Sect has no place for you
This Immortal Lord abolishes your cultivation base
Expel you from the sect
I hope you take care of yourself.
Xianjun forgive me
We were wrong.
Please forgive me. I don't want to be Ferrell
No, go away
All the broken legacies of Qingyun Sword Sect will be restored
You can practice with peace of mind
It is incumbent upon us to recast the glory of the Sword Sect of the past
Obey the order beforehand
Master, in the ancient books you left behind before
There is a book of Soul Burning Mysteries
What kind of practice is that?
Yuer that is by burning lives
Forcibly raising the cultivation level of forbidden art
Remember never to use it, it's the master.
leader
homeowner
Something happened to the Lins
What happened to the Lins?
Lin Yan, Lin Yan, he's back
He not only made trouble in the Lin family
They arrested your mother
He also said that he would wait for you to go back.